Use /dev/disk/by-id/coreos-boot-disk when creating /var partition (#99875)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/installation-disk-partitioning.adoc

  name: 98-var-partition
storage:
  disks:
  - device: /dev/disk/by-id/coreos-boot-disk
    partitions:
    - label: var
      start_mib: <partition_start_offset> <1>
      size_mib: <partition_size> <2>
      number: 5
  filesystems:
    - device: /dev/disk/by-partlabel/var
      path: /var
      format: xfs
      mount_options: [defaults, prjquota] <3>
      with_mount_unit: true
----
+

> <1> When adding a data partition to the boot disk, a minimum value of 25000 MiB (Mebibytes) is recommended. The root file system is automatically resized to fill all available space up to the specified offset. If no value is specified, or if the specified value is smaller than the recommended minimum, the resulting root file system will be too small, and future reinstalls of {op-system} might overwrite the beginning of the data partition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where:

`start_mib`:: Specifies the starting offset of a disk partition in mebibytes (MiB). When adding a data partition to the boot disk, a minimum value of 25000 MiB is recommended. The root file system is automatically resized to fill all available space up to the specified offset. If no value is specified, or if the specified value is smaller than the recommended minimum, the resulting root file system will be too small, and future reinstalls of {op-system} might overwrite the beginning of the data partition.
```
